# Summary

Contractors (Instructors) should be paid upon completion of edited screencast hours and residually based on sales.  Producer (For Journalism) should be able to sell courses and use some of the revenue to cover infrastructure costs. No agreements should infringe upon the Contractors being able to do work, teaching, consulting or any other activities for free, trade, profit or other arrangement. 

# Objectives

* Instructors are creating course outlines and raw instructional materials teaching data skills for journalism. Instructors are designated as Contractors.
* For Journalism completes editing and distribution to make instructional materials ready for individual, group and mass use. For Journalism is designated as Producer.
* Contractors should be compensated adequately for their time and expertise to create the raw materials.
* Producer should be compensated adequately for time and expertise to turn raw materials into polished, salable courses.
* Code from all courses should be released as open source repositories on GitHub as much as can be reasonably accomplished while honoring other licenses and not infringing on Instructors to be able to continue to profit from their work.
* Decisions on all open source code will be made by Contractors.
* Contractors are paid as work-for-hire.
* Producer retains all rights to final, polished course materials.
* Contractors are granted non-transferrable licenses to use course materials (of which they contributed raw materials) in any manner they see fit forever.
* Courses should make a small profit to to make the mission of For Journalism sustainable.
* All parties release all other parties from any liability.

# Details

* Contractors will be paid initially to compensate for their time and expertise in course creation and to offset opportunity costs for freelance work and consulting.
* Contractors also will receive royalties for profits made selling access to materials.
* Producer has sole authority to set pricing for materials, though Producer will totally discuss with Contractors to try and make everyone happy when possible.
* Initial payments will be made based on estimated material length.
* Each 5 hours of final, produced content equate to 1 credit of material.
* Courses should target 3 credits (15 produced hours) to approximate scope of a university-level course.
* Courses may be adjusted to 2 or 1 credits with agreement between Contractor and Producer. 
* Courses greater than 3 credits should be partitioned into multiple courses if possible.

# Reporting

* Producer will provide reports quarterly to each Contractor showing gross profit generated by the materials created by each Contractor.
* Gross profit should be reported as gross revenue minus server, bandwidth, storage and support costs. Marketing and other business-development costs will be paid out of the Producer gross profit split and not gross revenue.

# Payments

* Payments will be made from Producer to Contractor at $200 per hour of edited screencast.
* Gross profit should be split 70% to Contractor and 30% to Producer.

===============

Contractor name:

Contractor signature:

Signature date:

===============

For Journalism name:

For Journalism  signature:

Signature date:
